src/projects/get-a-life.md, before:

---
title: "Get A Life"
desc: "An web app that facilitates scheduling of a user's social life/events"
priority: 8
effort-days: 15
website: "https://get-a-life-ui-staging.herokuapp.com/"
source-code: "https://github.com/derekc2205/get-a-life-ui"
tags: ["Javascript", "Node.JS", "React","MongoDB","REST API","TDD","Agile"]
---
  Idea
 -
 Ever have trouble finding a common date to meet up with your friends? With Get-A-Life, a user (host) can create an event within a range of dates and invite other users (guests) to select the dates that they are free. This helps the host select a final meeting date where most of the attendees can make it.

  Creation Process:
  -
  This app was created among 5 mentees for our final group project during ThoughtWorks Jumpstart! program. During the 3 weeks we had, we practiced working in an agile team - from writing user stories, wire-framing, pair programming and swapping story/partner every 2 days to holding stand-up and retrospectives meetings.


 Created with
 -
 * NodeJS
 * REACT
 * Semantic UI React
 * React Infinite Calendar
 * Express
 * MongoDB (on Heroku mLab)
 * TDD practice
 * and automated tests with Jest
 * Cypress test
 * Circle CI
 * Swagger UI
 * mongoose
 * passport-jwt

Commit message:

updated getalife project md with more information

src/projects/get-a-life.md, after:

---
title: "Get A Life"
desc: "An web app that facilitates scheduling of a user's social life/events. (Built with 4 other mentees from ThoughtWorks JumpStart program with agile practices.)"
priority: 8
effort-days: 15
website: "https://get-a-life-ui-staging.herokuapp.com/"
source-code: "https://github.com/derekc2205/get-a-life-ui"
tags: ["Javascript", "Node.JS", "React","MongoDB","REST API","TDD","Agile"]
---
  Idea
 -
 Ever have trouble finding a common date to meet up with your friends? With Get-A-Life, a user (host) can create an event within a range of dates and invite other users (guests) to select the dates that they are free. This helps the host select a final meeting date where most of the attendees can make it.

  Creation Process:
  -
  This app was created among 5 mentees for our final group project during ThoughtWorks Jumpstart! program. During the 3 weeks we had, we practiced working in an agile team - from writing user stories, wire-framing, pair programming and swapping story/partner every 2 days to holding stand-up and retrospectives meetings.


 Created with
 -
 * NodeJS
 * REACT
 * Semantic UI React
 * React Infinite Calendar
 * Express
 * MongoDB (on Heroku mLab)
 * TDD practice
 * and automated tests with Jest
 * Cypress test
 * Circle CI
 * Swagger UI
 * mongoose
 * passport-jwt
