src/projects/oneshop.md, before:

---
title: "One Shop"
desc: "A review site where people can share what they are buying in stores. (Incomplete)"
priority: 5
effort-days: 5
website: "https://min-one-shop.herokuapp.com/"
source-code: "https://github.com/Qwetuo/oneshop/"
tags: ["Javascript", "Node.JS", "React", "Google Map JS API","MongoDB","REST API","Redux"]
---
  Idea
 -
In order to increase traffic flow to retail floors. One Shop was built with the idea of being a one stop information site for stores in Singapore. \
Other than learning about the various shops available (near them), users can also get inspiration from the pictures and information shared by the community (just like instagram but for shoppers to brag about their buy). \
Mall and store owners can also boost interest by promoting on deals or providing cashback for users with reviews that hit a certain number of 'likes'.

 Prototype Scope (Current)
 -
 Because of time restrictions, the app only supports a (fixed) search on shop category (of wallet stores) near the area at Raffles City. \
 It renders a list of search result which shows basic information of a store from google map api (e.g. their location, reference and rating). These items are intended to be built into modals that open up with reviews/images that can be created by users on the site. \
 Local authentication using username and password have been built but does not have any use scenario (as of now).

Commit message:

update project files that are still in prototype with "more info on GH page"

src/projects/oneshop.md, after:

---
title: "One Shop"
desc: "A review site where people can share what they are buying in stores. (Still in prototype stage - More information on GitHub page)"
priority: 5
effort-days: 5
website: "https://min-one-shop.herokuapp.com/"
source-code: "https://github.com/Qwetuo/oneshop/"
tags: ["Javascript", "Node.JS", "React", "Google Map JS API","MongoDB","REST API","Redux"]
---
  Idea
 -
In order to increase traffic flow to retail floors. One Shop was built with the idea of being a one stop information site for stores in Singapore. \
Other than learning about the various shops available (near them), users can also get inspiration from the pictures and information shared by the community (just like instagram but for shoppers to brag about their buy). \
Mall and store owners can also boost interest by promoting on deals or providing cashback for users with reviews that hit a certain number of 'likes'.

 Prototype Scope (Current)
 -
 Because of time restrictions, the app only supports a (fixed) search on shop category (of wallet stores) near the area at Raffles City. \
 It renders a list of search result which shows basic information of a store from google map api (e.g. their location, reference and rating). These items are intended to be built into modals that open up with reviews/images that can be created by users on the site. \
 Local authentication using username and password have been built but does not have any use scenario (as of now).
